Deprecate MASTG-TOOL-0046 (Cycript), MASTG-TOOL-0047 (Cydia), MASTG-TOOL-0023 (RootCloak) and Add MASTG-TOOL-0142 (Choicy), MASTG-TOOL-0141 (IOSSecuritySuite), MASTG-TOOL-0139 (ElleKit), MASTG-TOOL-0138 (ipainstaller), MASTG-TOOL-0137 (GlobalWebInspect), MASTG-TOOL-0140 (frida-multiple-unpinning) (#3354)
OWASP/owasp-mstg: tools/ios/MASTG-TOOL-0039.md

## Installing Frida on iOS

> To connect Frida to an iOS app, you need a way to inject the Frida runtime into that app. This is easy to do on a jailbroken device since we can install `frida-server` through Sileo. Start Sileo and add Frida's repository by navigating to **Manage** -> **Sources** -> **Edit** -> **Add** and entering <https://build.frida.re>. You should then be able to find and install the Frida package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To connect Frida to an iOS app, you need a way to inject the Frida runtime into that app. This is easy to do on a jailbroken device since you can install `frida-server` through a third-party app store such as @MASTG-TOOL-0064. Open Sileo and add Frida's repository by navigating to **Manage** -> **Sources** -> **Edit** -> **Add** and entering <https://build.frida.re>. You should then be able to find and install the Frida package.
```

> By default, `frida-server` only listens on the local interface, requiring you to connect the device over USB. If you want to expose `frida-server` on the public interface, modify `/var/jb/Library/LaunchDaemons/re.frida.server.plist` and two items to the `ProgramArguments` as shown below:

Reviewer: Should we include a warning/danger panel for this? Exposing `frida-server` on the public interface lets anyone on the network inject code as root. It's fine for isolated lab setups, but in most cases it's safer to keep it bound to localhost and connect over USB or SSH. Might be good to highlight this so that people don’t accidentally open up a big security hole as recommended by the MASTG.

```xml

> <?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?> <!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.0.dtd"> <plist version="1.0"> <d>

Author: FP
